---
title: "Hey there!"
---
So, yeah. Hey there! Welcome to my blog, and happy new year! This is officially the first blog post I've ever written, so I am kind of stoked.
This is also the first ever website I've made. I did some webdesign in the past to learn about HTML and CSS but I never
_actually_ created a full website.<!--more--> Assuming that you read this, I actually completed (ot atleast "work-in-progress'ed", lol) a
blog, published for everyone to see. That is also a bit unnerving to be completely honest, though. But what is more interesting is
how you got here. I cannot grasp the idea that people are actually interested in what I have to say. In that regard this whole thing
is a bit like shouting into the void. Whatever, one thing less on my bucket list, so that's good.
Obviously -- as you can see -- I am still getting used to blogging and writing proper posts but I hope you'll find something useful,
funny or interesting on here.

What _exactly_ I will publish is still not set in stone. Probably posts about what I have been up to lately -- mostly coding-wise -- and
informational stuff about this and that. Very likely, I won't write _that_ much as my never-ending list of projects is already
way to long and even more so out of my scope, but when has that ever stopped a madman?

Already queued in the imaginary content production pipeline, that is the squishy meatball in my head, is a post all about Jekyll,
what it is, how it works, how to set it up as a git repository and locally and all good stuff. So, expect that soon-ish.

Anyways, welcome to my blog; don't let the waffling on distract you! :fire: